Third uncle fight
If the emperor is angry, he can speak directly
But don't bully me, a patient who has just been detoxified and has not yet recovered.
I see you are recovering very well now.
That can't resist the emperor's sour and angry vinegar jar smashing down
Why are you in Bailing County?
The minister came again and again
Is to clear up the misunderstanding
The antidote that Empress developed for me is very effective
The minister originally planned to return to the fief to worship
Passing through this plague land on the way back
I saw the empress being bullied by that bad official
That's why I'm helping
As for why now I only call him Empress
Because he is just your Shen Xingyao now
Instead of my Yao'er
What do you mean?
According to the minister
Yao Er hit his head before marriage
She's been in tears ever since.
How can you stand the days of the cold palace?
Jin Se once died because of Yao Er's serious illness and sought help from the eunuch in the palace
And there was no one.
But since then
Yao Er suddenly recovered
Even personality changes
Shouldn't say
It's like a different person
I don't want to believe it either
Until rescuing others with the Empress in Bailing County
Have to admit
He is not the daughter of the Shen family for a long time
Why are you so sure he's not?
A woman who would rather die than get married
How could you go to that plague land to save your people for the emperor?
Since he can love the emperor with all his heart
That's not the one I love
The Prime Minister Shen's mansion suffered
It is the scourge of the Zhenguo General's Mansion seizing power
The minister is willing to cooperate with the emperor to investigate the evidence
Send me Qin Guodong to end
As for Yao'er
It's the blessing of my life
It's the regret of my life
His departure may have been a profound disappointment in the world
Including me who guarded the border and couldn't get back to the capital in time
I implore the emperor to take the guzheng that Yao'er married when she entered the palace
Return to minister
OK
Looking for it?